freecodecamp-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/README.md, before:

# JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures

I’ve been building apps with React and Node for years. But this course—it pushed me deeper. It made me rethink the basics.

I revisited JavaScript fundamentals—variables, loops, objects, the DOM. Then, I explored Object-Oriented and Functional Programming, sharpened my algorithmic thinking, and learned to fetch data efficiently.

After building projects with HTML, JavaScript and Bootstrap, I took it further. I rewrote them in TypeScript, then tested them with Deno.

It wasn’t just about learning—it was about refining. Strengthening the foundation. Because mastery isn’t about knowing—it’s about understanding, applying, and evolving.

You can find the course here: [JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-v8/) & [Certificate](https://www.freecodecamp.org/certification/VienDinhCom/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-v8)

## Projects

- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-v8/build-a-palindrome-checker-project/build-a-palindrome-checker) - [Source](projects/palindrome-checker.ts) - Palindrome Checker
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-v8/build-a-roman-numeral-converter-project/build-a-roman-numeral-converter) - [Source](projects/roman-numeral-converter.ts) - Roman Numeral Converter
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-v8/build-a-telephone-number-validator-project/build-a-telephone-number-validator) - [Source](projects/telephone-number-validator.ts) - Telephone Number Validator
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-v8/build-a-cash-register-project/build-a-cash-register) - [Source](projects/cash-register.ts) - Cash Register
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-v8/build-a-pokemon-search-app-project/build-a-pokemon-search-app) - [Source](projects/pokemon-search.ts) - Pokémon Search

## Certificate

<a href="https://www.freecodecamp.org/certification/VienDinhCom/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-v8">
  <img src="certificate.png" alt="JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures Certificate" title="Click here to verify it on freeCodeCamp">
</a>

Commit message:

readme: update runtime and certification

freecodecamp-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/README.md, after:

# JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures

I’ve been building apps with React and Node for years. But this course—it pushed me deeper. It made me rethink the basics.

I revisited JavaScript fundamentals—variables, loops, objects, the DOM. Then, I explored Object-Oriented and Functional Programming, sharpened my algorithmic thinking, and learned to fetch data efficiently.

After building projects with HTML, JavaScript and Bootstrap, I took it further. I rewrote them in TypeScript, then tested them with Deno.

It wasn’t just about learning—it was about refining. Strengthening the foundation. Because mastery isn’t about knowing—it’s about understanding, applying, and evolving.

You can find the course here: [JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-v8/) & [Certificate](https://www.freecodecamp.org/certification/VienDinhCom/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-v8)

## Projects

These projects were developed with Deno v2. Please download the correct runtime to set up a compatible environment.

- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-v8/build-a-palindrome-checker-project/build-a-palindrome-checker) - [Source](projects/palindrome-checker.ts) - Palindrome Checker
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-v8/build-a-roman-numeral-converter-project/build-a-roman-numeral-converter) - [Source](projects/roman-numeral-converter.ts) - Roman Numeral Converter
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-v8/build-a-telephone-number-validator-project/build-a-telephone-number-validator) - [Source](projects/telephone-number-validator.ts) - Telephone Number Validator
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-v8/build-a-cash-register-project/build-a-cash-register) - [Source](projects/cash-register.ts) - Cash Register
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-v8/build-a-pokemon-search-app-project/build-a-pokemon-search-app) - [Source](projects/pokemon-search.ts) - Pokémon Search

## Certification

<a href="https://www.freecodecamp.org/certification/VienDinhCom/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-v8">
  <img src="certificate.png" alt="JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures Certificate" title="Click here to verify it on freeCodeCamp">
</a>
