freecodecamp-data-visualization/README.md, before:

# Data Visualization

I’ve worked with Chart.js and React Charts before—they’re high-level and easy to use. But this time, it was different.

From scratch, I built a Bar Chart, Scatterplot Graph, Heat Map, Choropleth Map, and Treemap Diagram—each telling a unique story. D3.js wasn’t just a tool; it was a challenge. I wrestled with SVG, axes, scales, and legends—figuring out tooltips, data fetching, and transformations.

And in the end? I wrapped it all in TypeScript, powered by Vite, and built certification projects.

It wasn’t easy. But now, I don’t just use charts—I understand them. And that changes everything.

You can find the course here: [Data Visualization](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/2022/responsive-web-design/) & [Certificate](https://www.freecodecamp.org/certification/VienDinhCom/data-visualization)

## Projects

- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/data-visualization/data-visualization-projects/visualize-data-with-a-bar-chart) - [Source](projects/bar-chart/) - [Demo](https://data-visualization-vien.vercel.app/projects/bar-chart/bar-chart.html) - Bar Chart
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/data-visualization/data-visualization-projects/visualize-data-with-a-scatterplot-graph) - [Source](projects/scatterplot-graph/) - [Demo](https://data-visualization-vien.vercel.app/projects/scatterplot-graph/scatterplot-graph.html) - Scatterplot Graph
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/data-visualization/data-visualization-projects/visualize-data-with-a-heat-map) - [Source](projects/heat-map/) - [Demo](https://data-visualization-vien.vercel.app/projects/heat-map/heat-map.html) - Heat Map
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/data-visualization/data-visualization-projects/visualize-data-with-a-choropleth-map) - [Source](projects/choropleth-map/) - [Demo](https://data-visualization-vien.vercel.app/projects/choropleth-map/choropleth-map.html) - Choropleth Map
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/data-visualization/data-visualization-projects/visualize-data-with-a-treemap-diagram) - [Source](projects/treemap-diagram/) - [Demo](https://data-visualization-vien.vercel.app/projects/treemap-diagram/treemap-diagram.html) - Treemap Diagram

## Certificate

<a href="https://www.freecodecamp.org/certification/VienDinhCom/data-visualization">
  <img src="certificate.png" alt="Data Visualization Certificate" title="Click here to verify it on freeCodeCamp">
</a>

Commit message:

readme: update runtime and certification

freecodecamp-data-visualization/README.md, after:

# Data Visualization

I’ve worked with Chart.js and React Charts before—they’re high-level and easy to use. But this time, it was different.

From scratch, I built a Bar Chart, Scatterplot Graph, Heat Map, Choropleth Map, and Treemap Diagram—each telling a unique story. D3.js wasn’t just a tool; it was a challenge. I wrestled with SVG, axes, scales, and legends—figuring out tooltips, data fetching, and transformations.

And in the end? I wrapped it all in TypeScript, powered by Vite, and built certification projects.

It wasn’t easy. But now, I don’t just use charts—I understand them. And that changes everything.

You can find the course here: [Data Visualization](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/2022/responsive-web-design/) & [Certificate](https://www.freecodecamp.org/certification/VienDinhCom/data-visualization)

## Projects

These projects were developed with Node 20 and NPM 10. Please download [Volta](https://github.com/volta-cli/volta) or other tools to set up a compatible environment.

- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/data-visualization/data-visualization-projects/visualize-data-with-a-bar-chart) - [Source](projects/bar-chart/) - [Demo](https://data-visualization-vien.vercel.app/projects/bar-chart/bar-chart.html) - Bar Chart
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/data-visualization/data-visualization-projects/visualize-data-with-a-scatterplot-graph) - [Source](projects/scatterplot-graph/) - [Demo](https://data-visualization-vien.vercel.app/projects/scatterplot-graph/scatterplot-graph.html) - Scatterplot Graph
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/data-visualization/data-visualization-projects/visualize-data-with-a-heat-map) - [Source](projects/heat-map/) - [Demo](https://data-visualization-vien.vercel.app/projects/heat-map/heat-map.html) - Heat Map
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/data-visualization/data-visualization-projects/visualize-data-with-a-choropleth-map) - [Source](projects/choropleth-map/) - [Demo](https://data-visualization-vien.vercel.app/projects/choropleth-map/choropleth-map.html) - Choropleth Map
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/data-visualization/data-visualization-projects/visualize-data-with-a-treemap-diagram) - [Source](projects/treemap-diagram/) - [Demo](https://data-visualization-vien.vercel.app/projects/treemap-diagram/treemap-diagram.html) - Treemap Diagram

## Certification

<a href="https://www.freecodecamp.org/certification/VienDinhCom/data-visualization">
  <img src="certificate.png" alt="Data Visualization Certificate" title="Click here to verify it on freeCodeCamp">
</a>
