freecodecamp-responsive-web-design/README.md, before:

# Responsive Web Design

I thought I had responsive web design figured out. I’ve built plenty of templates with HTML, CSS, and BEM. But this course? It humbled me.

It took me back to basics—structuring content with HTML, styling with CSS. I started simple, building a cat photo app. Then, I explored CSS variables with a penguin and improved accessibility with a quiz site.

By the end, I was designing layouts that adapt beautifully—Flexbox for a photo gallery, CSS Grid for a magazine page.

Turns out, even experienced developers have more to learn. And that’s the fun part.

You can find the course here: [Responsive Web Design](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/2022/responsive-web-design/) & [Certificate](https://www.freecodecamp.org/certification/VienDinhCom/responsive-web-design)

## Projects

- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/2022/responsive-web-design/build-a-survey-form-project/build-a-survey-form) - [Source](projects/survey-form) - [Demo](https://responsive-web-design-vien.vercel.app/projects/survey-form/survey-form.html) - Survey Form
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/2022/responsive-web-design/build-a-tribute-page-project/build-a-tribute-page) - [Source](projects/tribute-page) - [Demo](https://responsive-web-design-vien.vercel.app/projects/tribute-page/tribute-page.html) - Tribute Page
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/2022/responsive-web-design/build-a-technical-documentation-page-project/build-a-technical-documentation-page) - [Source](projects/technical-documentation-page) - [Demo](https://responsive-web-design-vien.vercel.app/projects/technical-documentation-page/technical-documentation-page.html) - Technical Documentation Page
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/2022/responsive-web-design/build-a-product-landing-page-project/build-a-product-landing-page) - [Source](projects/product-landing-page) - [Demo](https://responsive-web-design-vien.vercel.app/projects/product-landing-page/product-landing-page.html) - Product Landing Page
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/2022/responsive-web-design/build-a-personal-portfolio-webpage-project/build-a-personal-portfolio-webpage) - [Source](projects/personal-portfolio-webpage) - [Demo](https://responsive-web-design-vien.vercel.app/projects/personal-portfolio-webpage/personal-portfolio-webpage.html) - Personal Portfolio Webpage

## Certificate

<a href="https://www.freecodecamp.org/certification/VienDinhCom/responsive-web-design">
  <img src="certificate.png" alt="Responsive Web Design Certificate" title="Click here to verify it on freeCodeCamp">
</a>

Commit message:

readme: update runtime and certification

freecodecamp-responsive-web-design/README.md, after:

# Responsive Web Design

I thought I had responsive web design figured out. I’ve built plenty of templates with HTML, CSS, and BEM. But this course? It humbled me.

It took me back to basics—structuring content with HTML, styling with CSS. I started simple, building a cat photo app. Then, I explored CSS variables with a penguin and improved accessibility with a quiz site.

By the end, I was designing layouts that adapt beautifully—Flexbox for a photo gallery, CSS Grid for a magazine page.

Turns out, even experienced developers have more to learn. And that’s the fun part.

You can find the course here: [Responsive Web Design](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/2022/responsive-web-design/) & [Certificate](https://www.freecodecamp.org/certification/VienDinhCom/responsive-web-design)

## Projects

These projects were developed with Node 20 and NPM 10. Please download [Volta](https://github.com/volta-cli/volta) or other tools to set up a compatible environment.

- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/2022/responsive-web-design/build-a-survey-form-project/build-a-survey-form) - [Source](projects/survey-form) - [Demo](https://responsive-web-design-vien.vercel.app/projects/survey-form/survey-form.html) - Survey Form
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/2022/responsive-web-design/build-a-tribute-page-project/build-a-tribute-page) - [Source](projects/tribute-page) - [Demo](https://responsive-web-design-vien.vercel.app/projects/tribute-page/tribute-page.html) - Tribute Page
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/2022/responsive-web-design/build-a-technical-documentation-page-project/build-a-technical-documentation-page) - [Source](projects/technical-documentation-page) - [Demo](https://responsive-web-design-vien.vercel.app/projects/technical-documentation-page/technical-documentation-page.html) - Technical Documentation Page
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/2022/responsive-web-design/build-a-product-landing-page-project/build-a-product-landing-page) - [Source](projects/product-landing-page) - [Demo](https://responsive-web-design-vien.vercel.app/projects/product-landing-page/product-landing-page.html) - Product Landing Page
- [Brief](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/2022/responsive-web-design/build-a-personal-portfolio-webpage-project/build-a-personal-portfolio-webpage) - [Source](projects/personal-portfolio-webpage) - [Demo](https://responsive-web-design-vien.vercel.app/projects/personal-portfolio-webpage/personal-portfolio-webpage.html) - Personal Portfolio Webpage

## Certification

<a href="https://www.freecodecamp.org/certification/VienDinhCom/responsive-web-design">
  <img src="certificate.png" alt="Responsive Web Design Certificate" title="Click here to verify it on freeCodeCamp">
</a>
